Hello and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we'll show you how to get started with using Knox Manage for Android Enterprise.
There are a lot of great features to cover, so if you're excited and ready to learn, let's get started.
Knox Manage is a cloud-based Enterprise Mobility Management solution that lets IT admins
remotely manage the apps, contents, and features of their enterprise device fleet.
By the end of this video, you'll learn how to launch Knox Manage and configure Android Enterprise,
create organizations and groups,
add users and enroll devices,
manage applications,
and finally, create profiles and manage Android Enterprise and Samsung Knox policies.
Before you can begin using Knox Manage, you’ll need to ensure that
you have a Samsung Knox account. If you do not already have one,
please go to SamsungKnox.com and click Enroll to register.
You also need to ensure that you've enabled Knox Manage as a service in the Knox Admin Portal.
Please refer to our other video on Getting started with the Knox Admin Portal, for instructions on how to enable the service.
You also must have a valid Gmail account.
This is required for registering Knox Manage as an EMM with Google Play.
and optionally, if you'd like to view the Knox Manage workflow from a device-user's point of view,
you'll need to have one or more mobile devices running Android 11 or higher, to following along with this video.
Let's begin by logging into the Knox Admin Portal, and launching the Knox Manage console from the left navigation pane.
Once Knox Manage launches, you’ll land on the Dashboard. This is a great resource for tracking your fleet’s enrollment history,
user count, license status, and more. For new users, this dashboard will be empty.
Next, you’ll need to configure your Android Enterprise environment. Go to Settings,
click Android, then Android Enterprise, then click Register EMM.
On Google Play, click Sign in. After you provide your Gmail credentials, click Get started to continue with the registration.
On the next page, provide your business name, then click Next.
On the Contact details page, after you've read and agreed to Google Play's terms and conditions,
click Confirm to complete the registration.
One registration is complete, you'll land back on the Android Enterprise page
where you can view your EMM registration information.
You're now ready to start using Knox Manage.
Let's begin by creating Organizations and Groups.
Organizations and Groups help to keep your devices and users organized,
and are required in order to configure and manage device policies and apps in your fleet.
Knox Manage includes default organizations and groups when you first set up the service.
However, it's recommended that you create your own, as the default names may not be intuitive, or relevant to your business.
For example, the default Organization name is called "Undefined", and the default Group is named after your tenant ID.
Let’s first create an Organization. To do this, click Add, then provide an organization code and name, then click Save.
In some large companies, it’s common to have several parent organizations, each with their own children,
to reflect the different sides of the business. In this example, we’ll create 2 parents to represent our business in different countries.
then, under each parent, we can create children, to represent the different regions.
Now that we've created a few organizations, let's go and create some groups.
On the group page, click Add, then provide a Group Name and Group Type, then click Save.
One slight difference between groups and organizations is that you can create either a Device group or a User group,
but you cannot create a device or user organization.
In our example, we'll create a few User groups to represent our different regional offices,
and one Device group to represent all Galaxy S23 devices in our fleet.
The next thing you'll need to do is add a few users into Knox Manage.
Note that users in this case are users of the devices in your fleet, and not users who log into the Knox Manage console.
On the User page, click Add to add a single user into Knox Manage,
or click Bulk Add to add multiple users, using a template.
In our example, we'll add a single user by clicking Add.
On the Add User page, fill out the user's credentials, then assign that user to an organization or a group.
You can also choose to assign the user to both an organization and a group at the same time.
After this, you can leave the default fields the way they are, then click Save & Request Enrollment.
The user will receive instructions on how to enroll their device into Knox Manage.
For this video, we'll enroll devices on a user's behalf,
but these steps can be followed by any device end-user in your organization.
There are several ways in which you can enroll a device, depending on how you want to manage them.
If you want to enroll a personal device into Knox Manage,
and be able to help the user manage company apps and policies in a work profile,
then you'll need to download the Knox Manage agent from Google Play.
Once the agent is downloaded and installed, on the Sign in screen, enter your user ID and tenant ID.
After you provide your password, tap SIGN IN,
The Knox Manage agent will begin setting up a work profile on the personal device.
Review the privacy policy, then if you agree to them, tap I agree, then tap NEXT.
The Knox Manage agent will ask if you want to allow location tracking for the app.
You need to select Allow all, then tap the back button to continue.
Once enrollment is complete, the agent will show you that you're successfully signed in.
A notification appears, asking if you want to delete the agent from the device.
After your personal device is enrolled, the agent has no further use, so you can go ahead and delete it.
If you are providing users with a company-owned device,
then you can enroll these devices using a token method.
For the token enrollment method to work, you must have a factory-reset device.
On the device screen, tap Start. Then, after reviewing and agreeing to the terms and conditions, tap Agree.
Then connect to an available Wi-Fi network, then tap Next.
On the Sign in screen, enter the enrollment token in the Email or phone field, then tap Next.
Then on the next screen, you'll be asked how you want to use this phone.
Depending on how you want the devices to be managed,
choose either Fully managed device, or Work profile on a company-owned device.
For fully managed devices, the user can only use apps and features set by the IT admin.
For Work profile on a company-owned device,
the users have access to a personal profile where they can access their own apps and data,
as well as a separate work profile for IT admins to manage and monitor.
Once you select your manage mode, the Knox Manage agent continues with the enrollment process.
On the sign in screen, enter a user ID and tenant ID, as well as a password,
then tap SIGN IN to enroll the device.
Once your devices are enrolled, they will appear in the Device page in the Knox Manage console.
Here you can see which devices are company-owned, and which are personally-owned with a work profile.
Let's move onto Applications.
One of the core features of Knox Manage is the ability to manage applications for enterprise devices.
As an IT admin, you can specify which apps your users have access to, which apps are restricted,
and whether or not apps can be removed by the user.
To add apps into Knox Manage, click Application, then click Add.
In Select Application Type, ensure that Android is selected, then click Next.
The Managed Google Play window opens.
This is where you can search for the apps that you want to manage for your device fleet.
Once you find the app you're looking for, click Select, then click Save to add the apps to Knox Manage.
The application appears in the list on the Application page.
Once you have apps added to Knox Manage, you'll need to assign them to a group or
organization, in order to deploy them to your devices.
You can choose to assign an app individually, or you can select multiple apps and assign them in bulk.
And finally, let's take a look at the Profiles feature of Knox Manage.
A Profile is a set of policies containing various device configurations and settings.
To create a profile, go to the Profile page, then click Add.
On the Add profile page, give your profile a name, then select Android Enterprise.
Notice that Samsung Knox is also selected by default.
This allows us to set additional Samsung Knox-specific policies, in addition to the Android Enterprise policies for our devices.
On the Set Policy page, locate the Android Enterprise policy that you want to configure.
In our example, we will allow the system camera to be used on a personal profile,
but we will disallow the camera to be used on a work profile.
Under Samsung Knox, there are additional policies that work in tandem with the Android Enterprise policies,
and they provide additional customization options for Samsung-specific devices.
For example, we can set a Samsung Knox policy to prevent Wi-Fi hotspotting on Samsung Knox devices.
Once you've specified the Android Enterprise and Samsung Knox policies that you want, click Save & Assign.
On the Assign Profile page, select the group or organization that you want to push the profile to, then click Assign & Apply.
In the pop-up window, you can review the policies that you will be pushing to the organization or group,
then click OK to confirm.
Once you apply the profile, the users in the organizations or groups
should see the policy changes appear on their devices.
This concludes our video on getting started with Knox Manage for Android Enterprise.
To learn more about Knox Manage, and the features covered in this video,
please visit docs.samsungknox.com
Thanks for watching!